it's a hidden track and wife Wow there
were dragons when I was a boy where they
went only a few know our story changed
the world forever
we did it the world's first dragon
Viking utopia Julia don't be a baby
mine's lace Claire did it more Oh Santa
honey hey bud wait up oh he's not the
only one she's a light fury you oh sorry
did he just disappear
[Music]
Wow
it's a hidden dragon worth
toothless go introduce yourself
[Music]
toothless has a girlfriend I've hunted
every Night Fury except yours and him
over I will never give him up then I
will destroy everything you love
we are no longer safe here we all have
to disappear completely off the map we
have to fight for their freedom
[Applause]
[Music]
you don't nothing without your dragon
show them what you got
[Music]
save him
as you and me bud always
[Music]